# Bug List

> Make a list of the things that don't work as expected. Keep a list of things that you have fixed and try to document how you solved them.

1. Problem (Date: 2026-03-30): When I redesigned the webpages (mostly by changing background color and making a menubar at the top) the menu didn't work. Originally I gave the ul element the menu class, but then I put the ul element inside a nav element and gave it the menu class instead, which fixed my problem and gave me a workable menu.
2. Problem (Date: 2026-03-31): When I designed my hangman game, I noticed a problem where the letter ended up being surrounded by a border (each letter being inside an "li" element, all nested inside an "ul" element, both having their own classes). After several edits (and a little bit of help using Google AI), I ended up moving most information to one class, while the second one only needed (for now) the information to make the bottom border transparent after a letter is pressed.
3. Problem (Date: 2026-04-02): When I was designing my hangman game (mostly by adding flexbox properties), I came upon a problem. The h1 and h2 elements were sticking out from the div when I set a height and width to it. After searching on the Internet I changed "height" to "min-height" and the problem was solved.
4. Problem (Date: 2026-04-02): When I changed a test name from "Andorra" to "Saint Vincent and the Grenadines" (the sovereign state with the longest name), I came upon a problem. The name didn't fit the box. After playing around on the developers tool and rechecking WE1 Lesson 10 on Flexbox, I solved the problem.
5. Problem (Date: 2026-04-07): When I merged the two classes "container" and "box" into one class "containerbox", I got some of the word-lines sticking out of the div when minimizing the browser screen. After experimenting with the developers tools, I solved the problem by changing the ID "widenbox" from having a maximum width of 900px to 100% of the screen, fitting everything on a minimized screen and therefore solving the problem.
6. Problem (Date: 2026-04-07): When I created the interactive keyboard using Javascript, I ran into a few problems. Mostly by appending the keyboard and having the buttons respond. I solved these problems by searching on the Internet and using the text from PR1 Lesson 12. Having the buttons respond was a simple change (from var i to let i in the for loop).
7. Problem (Date: 2026-04-07): When I created a function to generate a random country from the list, it didn't generate a country name on the console. After searching on the Internet (and a little bit of help using Google AI), I created an additional "script" tag above the "script" tag I'm writing on to load the "js"-file.
8. Problem (Date: 2026-04-09): When I generated lines for each country in my "Hangman Game", no lines showed up. The problem turned out to be a single line of code and how I styled the "<li>" tag on CSS. By removing 'class="currentletter"' from "countryDisplay.innerHTML" the lines showed up. This is because the class "currentletters" should be used when a letter is correctly guessed since the "border-bottom" will become transparent. The "<li>" tag already has lines defined in CSS via its parent-class "currentword".